Where are you from?
I'm from Panama so I'm panamenian

What motivates you?
My Family, Coding, syntax sugar, and computers

If you could have any other job what would it be and why?
Software Engineer Profesor

Have you ever taken a personality test? What did you learn?
My personality type is ISTP
Some popular people with this personality type
Christian Bale
Bruce Lee
Scarlett Johansson
Tom Cruise
Alan Shepard

Coolest experience you have had at Dell so far
I bought a Dell with Ubuntu, best laptop I have ever had and kick off my Software Enginering Career

You’re stranded on a desert island. What is the only Movie/ book/ Podcast that you can listen to the rest of your life.
I'll pick open world videogames like Read Dead Redemption 2

Pet Peeve
Slow computers

Goal in life
keep being happy

Best Friend
Carlos Alvares another super skilled Software Engineer also he also went to China and stayed longer to learn chinese, He works for another USA company now

Farest country you have visited
China, I went to Beijin, with an student intership at Huawei Technologies also shenzhen at Huawei HQ

How many countries have you visited?
5 China (Beijin and Shenzhen), Costa Rica, USA (NW Arkansas, Chicago, Houston, Baltimore and now Austin), Colombia(Bogota) and Netherlands(Amsterdan)

career goals
make an app to become a billionarie

What’s the one thing you couldn’t live without?
oxigen

Favorite project you have ever worked on
Open Source Amber Framework

how to best communicate with you
code repositories

Fav food 
Arroz con Pollo

Story behind your name
My Dad my Granpa and me, Saint Faustino religious catolic name

What was a silly fear you had as a kid? 
Witches eating beans

Where do you get your best ideas?
coding

Relationship status
explain in a funny way that I'm single
I know dating is hard
I have no luck so far
she haven't found me yet 

favorite music
Clasical music Canon in D (Pachelbel's Canon) 
and Instrumental Bass (CHARLES BERTHOUD & Davie504)

favorite show/movie:
Evangelion

earliest childhood memory
My mom long hair
 
life stories
I broke my finger biking when I was a kid
I felt and tried to grab my bike chain and it cut my finger in half

Favorite quote
As long the Earth, Sun, and Moon exist, everything will be alright. - Yui Ikari

My phylosophy
Keep it legal
Keep it healthy
Keep it money
